hi I'm Johnny welcome back to my food
fest series this episode I'm going to
show you how to make a delicious
conscious apart first up what we're
going to do is we're going to get the
bedroom because you can't have a cottage
pie without a little bit of filling in
there so we're going to have mints and
then I'm gonna have a bit of carrot
celery onion garlic just kind of know
it's like a base layer really so I've
got my pan heating up on a little bit of
oil garlic and thyme for this one so
garlic in to throw the timing stand back
logs it will pop go in with your onion
carrots and your celery so what we're
going to do now is we're going to add
the tomato puree to this one but we're
going to bring it another pun here and
add them in school what I'm trying to do
is I'm also trying to speed things up
samata pure right in give that a mix let
it fry a little bit what you want to do
now is you want to just turn it down
just ever so slightly because you don't
want to burn the tomatoes as you can see
there's not many ingredients in this
dish so make sure you check the
description box get everything you need
make sure you can cook it right because
I do not want you to miss out on any of
this because it's simple cheap and
tastes phenomenal so pumps been hot here
for the for the mints stick that in a
bit of oil in you know the drill
mash it up and such get it frying
quicker this stage will go in with a
little bit of seasoning salt pepper
standard so i browned off my mint number
look nice and crispy remember color is
flavor so I'm going to add it into this
time get it all coated in that now we're
going to add in some beef stock
obviously you know if you've had the
time and you followed the recipe that I
showed you before with making a beef
stock you'll have this ready just pour
it in what we're going to do now we've
added the beef stock we're going to work
this on high heat I'm going to go in
with some salt salt pepper standard
Worcestershire sauce everyone started to
become familiar with this now a 2 TSP to
that this bad boy brown sauce adds a
little fruity element to it and it also
helps thicken the sauce sure to touch a
couple of teaspoon to that in and trust
me you will notice the difference so
you're not to give this a little mix so
we're going to do is we're going to
leave this on a high heat now 10-15
minutes and let the heat make a meal of
it ok so it's reduced it's coming down
what you want is that lovely thick real
velvety consistency so all our guys a
little bowl like this lift it up and
just literally tip all that amazing
filling in and I made some mash just
before put it in a piping bag I mean you
don't to put it in piping bag I'm
literally being fancy after this recipe
make sure you hit the subscribe button
so i can see you again teaching more
things show you more things show you how
easy it is to cook on the 10 pound
that's so easy and you get delicious
food like this I'm not complain so I've
it's all filled in stick it under the
grill until golden brown i would say 23
minutes under the grill
look at that bad boy good news in all up
can't wait I can't wait to get stuck in
this to me looks so good I've got got to
have a little bit so check that out just
comfort at its best got all that sauce
so you like this and want to join me go
how is just delicious rip this deep to
everything you want like this want to
see more okay